we're here and ready to find out just
how well Stephen Bishop knows crazy now
Stephen on being Mary Jane
your character is quickly becoming an
expert at managing the crazy antics of
his ex mm-hmm so we've set up five
stations with items that a few famous
exes have used to leave a lasting
impression oh now it's up to you to
identify which film they're from so
let's play crazy in love Cory I'm gonna
get into character yes you can yes you
can if you woulda just claimed a day
Junior I wanna have to have keys your
car and pepper sprayed you and sick baby
D on you I guess you and Craig won't be
hitting the club
this Friday yeah yeah yeah yeah would I
be next Friday I'm pretty sure I know
what this is me hell hath no fury like a
woman scorned I'm having to eat your
closet loaded everything in your car and
set that thing on fire
now it's great that would be
Waiting to Exhale
over here now I am agreement of all exes
capable of anything and when you decided
to say goodbye to I made you a special
treats rabbit still this has got to be
fatal attraction you're pretty good I'm
getting there I'm over here okay
after sleeping with me you seem to have
a change of heart
hope you buckle up because neither one
of us is coming back from this ride
guess the movie Oh Vanilla Sky I think I
saw that movie in one of those Late Late
Late Night oh okay lies waiting for you
Oh fear skip being crazy look if you're
gonna tell me you love me you better
mean you got me peanut stuff over or
just and trying to hit you with my
she really cares
would this be a thin line between love
and thank you Steven for stopping by be
sure to check out Steven on being Mary
Jane's Tuesdays at 10:00 on be et we got
to take a quick break